Let's talk business.
This guy comes to town every Thursday, are
you free Thursday?
Yes, I'm free Tuesday.
You can't stop what you can't see.
This guy came from the outside, it was a
pro.
It was. In the art of the kill, Leon was the
master somebody coming up.
Somebody serious? He never missed a hit.
He never got caught.
You're indestructible.
Pull it, slide off, you play with a.
And above all else, he never had a reason to
care.
Until now.
I like this car little moments before the
storm.
My family was shot down by DEA officers.
Three kids here. One of them is missing,
finding himself after pleas
from the director of La Femme Nikita will
die tonight.
I can feel an innocent girl with no one else
to turn to.
What exactly do you do for a living?
Gina you mean you're hit man called.
Perfect assassin
Tweeted out. I want to get those dirtbags
killed, my brother with someone to finally
believe in changing.
Remember that early on, I well, they're about
to come face to face with the cop
Who's crossed the line.
Bring me everyone. Do you mean everyone?